# Week of January 26th, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. The advisor meeting was on Tuesday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

Advisor Meeting: Dr. Rizvi, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Rizvi informed us that he is freer this semester. He is willing to help any time we send him an email. He wants to make sure we do the best we can for us and the ECE department. He would like copies of the meeting minutes to know how updates are going. 

 

### ECE meeting: 

Sean has been building PID control code based on an example he found. He built a test circuit to check the code he’s made so far. 

Sam has spent his time learning about the camera. He figured how to separate and access both RDG and depth streams. The camera may be limited to python 3.11 or 3.8. 

Dakota built some code for accessing the distance sensor through the Arduino while an SD card is ordered for the Jetson Nano. 

Alex was recovering from some sickness. He provided Dakota with an Uno to test the distance sensor. He also noticed the Jetson Nano didn’t come with an SD card for storage. 

 

 

Deadline suggestions: 

The 3d print needs to be completed as soon as possible. A prototype by next week would be good. 

After the main part of the chassis is completed. The game field can be constructed. 

February 14th for some kind of moving prototype. 

February 28th for a functional prototype deadline. 

 

### ECE/ME meeting: 

Caleb redid the screw and printed a section of it. He plans on printing the housing and constructing it. 

The ME team will place an order within the next week for all the materials. 

They will start to heavily print items for the chassis this following week. 

We laid out a rough timeline for the next month. 

We plan on meeting at 8am on Friday, February 7th with Micah and Pardue 

 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Alex will place an order for an SD card and SD card reader. Afterwards he will transport Godot code to python. 

Dakota will attempt to have the distance sensor ready. 

Sam will get image processing working on the data streams. He will check the python versions for the camera and OpenCV. 

Sean will continue coding the PID for the controller and the Arduino. He will then start code on the servo motor control. He also has a micro servo to begin testing. 
