# Week of March 2nd, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Sean got the drivetrain up and running. 

Dakota had and solved some issues with the Nano. The SD card was not being booted from. He will update it to do so. 

Sam showed the april tags detection. 

Alex has been porting over the code from ubuntu to python. 

 

### ECE meeting: 

Dakota has had a rough time trying to flash the Jetson Nano. It isn’t flashed yet, but all problems that have shown have been fixed. 

Sean is working on the drivetrain. He has assembled the final drivetrain circuit. The PID loop runs successfully. 

Sam got the April tags coded in and is working on the walls now. 

Alex has been converting code from Godot to python. 

 

### ECE/ME meeting: 

Cooper has been trying to mount all electrical components. 

Caleb got the sweeper arms on. 

Nick got part of the CSC arm on. 

Cooper, Nick, Caleb, Dakota, and Sean got the table together on Sunday. 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Alex will continue on with the code transfer. 

Sam will be detecting walls and collapsing his code into 1. 

Dakota will continue to try to flash the Jetson Nano, so it can boot from usb. This will solve the small amount of storage currently present on the board. 

Sean will continue to set up all the code for the drivetrain. He is also working with Alex to properly share info. 
