# Week of February 16th, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, and Dakota Moye 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Sean showed off the motor PID control. He is working with the L298N instead of the arduino motor shield. It all works well with the L298N. 

Alex showed a video of his simulation in the present iteration. It is pretty nice. It goes through the complete process of the game field in 1 min at 1/3 max speed, but with no pausing. 

Sam showed off the cameras, and it worked very well. He can detect the materials most of the time. He is still tuning it. 

Dakota showed off the IMU and LiDAR sensors working to Rizvi. 

We talked about the other components including start and stopping manually, detecting the magnetic materials, and placement of many different components. 

 

### ECE meeting: 

Sean has been working on the CSC arms (2 servo motors). He got in the pololu motor shields and started work on them. 

Alex finished the simulation. 

Dakota has been working on power distribution and management. We have chargers, connectors, and are looking into a spare battery. 

The power board will have 5 motors, 2 drivetrain and 3 worm gear. 2 worm gear will not have motor drivers and will run continuously. 

Servos will be 5V powered. 

 

### ECE/ME meeting: 

The ME team has been working on printing the motor mounts. 

They are working to set up the auger. 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Alex will be converting the simulation to Python. 

Sean will work CSC servo, drive train, and maybe sorting gates with Dakota. 

Dakota will start work on beam breaks. 
