# October 4th, 2024 

## Overview 

Half the team met at 12pm in Brown 206 with the ME team, and the other half met with Dr. Rizvi in his office. 

Attendance:  

ECE and ME Team Meeting: Sean Borchers, Alexander Cruz, Alejandro Moore, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Caleb Sullivan 

Advisors meeting: Samuel Hunter, Dakota Moye, and Dr. Rizvi 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 


## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Pick good hardware and use preexisting algorithms and techniques 

LiDAR interface with jetson, arduino, or python 

Compatibility is high and easy between sensors, algorithms, and controllers 

Algortihms for object detection and navigation work well with each other and controllers 

Check algorithms from the lowest part of the subsytem, to the top 

Sensor fusion between different sensors 


### ME Team meeting: 

CSC pickup: either pick up and put on robot, or grab and lean toward and pick up at range 

ME Team doesn’t have deadlines and will be following along with us. 

Beacon Mast, Astral Material, drivetrain, delivery system 

LiDAR space requirements are too high. Maybe a different infrared sensor. 


### ECE Team meeting: 

Looked at different Jetson series devices 


Customers and Designers. 

The customer listed first, and the designer listed second. 

Motor Control – Alex and Sean 

Sensor for localization and navigation – Dakota and Sam 

Navigation and Master Control – Alejandro and Alex 

Object and Line Detection – Sam and Dakota 

Power Systems – Sean and Alejandro 


We made an overarching block diagram 

From different block diagram subsystems, we will figure how they connect to the “brain” 


Next meeting: 

Everyone shall have a block diagram for their system. 
