# Week of February 2nd, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

We updated Rizvi about the progress. We informed him about the deadlines for the ME team. We invited him to the ME/ECE meeting on Friday. 
 

### ECE meeting: 

We plan on showing off the progress thus far for the robot. 

Dakota has the OTOS and LiDAR working. 

Sam got the camera to pick out colors and depth with OpenCV. He has to do more testing with lighting, sometimes the camera doesn’t pick up everything if the lighting isn’t bright enough. 

Alex got the SD card and reader. The sim is 90% done. He plans to finish it tonight. 

Sean has been working on the servo motor and using a photoresistor to simulate a sensor for thresholding.  

 

### ECE/ME meeting: 

Caleb got the motor mount and the housing for the auger printed. The housing top is needed, and the total print took 3 days. 

Phoenix got the sorting bit and changed the sorting gate. He will need to cut into Caleb’s housing model to get it to fit properly. 

Cooper got some more models imported. The beacon arm and most other parts are imported into CAD. 

Nick has been working on mounting and plans on using old 3d prints from. 

Plan to have almost everything by the 21st and then the last case by the 28th. 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Sean will continue working on the differential steering and doing a PID algorithm for both motors, including info for speed of individual wheels. 

Sam will work on the camera finding lines and build data to send to Alex and the Nano. 

Alex is working on the best way to process placement for the materials. He will finish the sim tonight. He will set up the Nano now that the SD car is in. 

Dakota will interface with the photoresistor and hall effect sensor. 
