# Week of February 9th, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

We updated Rizvi on our plans for the week. He wants to start meeting in the Capstone lab for demonstrations. 

 

### ECE meeting: 

Sean is working on soldering. He also has all the circuit prepared. He has 2 PID loops (one for each motor). Alex will send him a specified speed. 

Alex got the Nano working with Linux and display. He also got the simulation working without A*. 

Sam got the line and overhead algorithms working better. He needs to work on the object detection with the astral materials. 

Dakota hasn’t checked on the power board yet. He did make and pick up a stand for the OTOS. 

 

State Machine: 

1. Pick up containers 

2. Enter cave 

3. Grab materials in cave (predetermined path) 

4. Exit cave 

5. Scan for materials outside cave and build route 

6. Grab materials outside cave 

1/3 speed gives about 1 minute to complete the board (~15in./s). Doesn't include full cave sweep or beacon 



### ECE/ME meeting: 

The ME team has an aluminum extrusion chassis frame and have attached the motors and wheels to be possible for driving. 

Sean got the motor to run with a L289N motor driver instead of the Arduino Motor shield. 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Dakota will investigate the power distribution board. He will also start interfacing with the Nano for the sensors. 

Sam will be refining the overhead algorithm and fix the object detection. 

Alex will be making improvements to the navigation system. He will work with Sean to divide up commands for the PID control. 

Sean will be working on the servo sorting gates and the shipping container arms. 
