# September 27th, 2024 

## Overview 

Half the team met at 12pm in Brown 206 with the ME team, and the other half met with Dr. Rizvi in his office. 

Attendance:  

ECE and ME Team Meeting: Sean Borchers, Alexander Cruz, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, Nick Moulton, Caleb Sullivan, and Dakota Moye 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 


## Minutes 

ECE Team needs to figure out next week's work. 

Sensor splits between Dakota and Sam for the camera work 

ME Presentation: 

Dr. Udit Sharma and Dr. Andy Pardue are ME team advisors. 

Rough sketch for robot (picture included shortly) 

Plan is to either use a roller and auger or a bucket/scooper with a dropper 

Dead reckoning system 

Multiple sensors combining data to get better self-localization 

Sensor on robot: Beam break (counting material), reflected light, and/or hall effect (difference between magnet properties of materials) sensors  

State 1: Search, State 2: Deliver, State 3: Mast, idea for state machine 

We brought the ME team to see the modular robot and old boards 

 

This was copied from Meeting Minutes on Sept. 6th 

The following lists who is in charge of what subsystems for the Project Proposal 

- Alejandro – Power Systems 

- Dakota - Microcontroller – Sensor reading for general location limitations 

- Sam - Microcontroller – Object and Line Detection 

- Sean - Microcontroller – Motor Control and controlling sorting method 

- Alex - (Mega)Microcontroller – Brain (navigation and object detection algorithms) 

 

## Next week: 

ME’s will be brainstorming more ideas with the pickup mechanism and speed 

Cooper will send Hall effect datasheet 

ECE’s will check if dead reckoning was used with the accelerometer and gyroscope with the ultrasonic sensor 

- Alejandro – Getting familiar with power system requirements 

- Dakota – Get with Sam about who should do the camera, and how to distribute the sensors (Split between camera and object detection and then line and location). After division is found, start designing and laying out a flowchart for subsystems. 

- Sam – Absent. Will most likely work on personal subsystem for conceptual design. 

- Sean – Motor control theory and start own block diagram for subsystem. 

- Alex – Finding Astral Material gotten from SECON 2024 and emailing Nvidia about Jetson Nano. 
