# Week of February 23rd, 2025 

## Overview 

ECE Team met Thursday. Parts of ECE and ME team met Friday. 

 

Attendance:  

ECE Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Sean Borchers, Dakota Moye, and Sam Hunter 

ME Team Meeting: Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, and Nick Moulton 

 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Sean has been working the CSC arm. He got the servo and linear actuators working. 

Sam has made an array of the materials for sending info to the Nano. 

Dakota has picked out batteries and shown Rizvi the board. He suggests looking into back up boards. 

 

### ECE meeting: 

The ME team has issues with the sorting system. They need a larger incline, which would remove the gate station. 

Dakota has been working to install python3.11 on the jetson. 

Sean has been working on the CSC arms and has also got tests done with the current sensor. 

Alex got the state machine into python. 

Sam hasn’t gotten much further since Tuesday. 

 

### ECE/ME meeting: 

They are fixing up the CSC arm. It’s being altered due to the gate system being changed. 

The gate system is not a steep enough incline for the materials to fall. 

They plan on removing the gate system and Dakota will have to detect the magnetic materials in the auger. 

The assumption will be there is always a non-magnetic material in each section of the auger. We will have to make sure that the flipper changes states quick enough between materials (such as from non-magnetic to magnetic and back). Everyone agrees that it should work fast enough between the flipper and magnetic sensors. 

 

### Next Meeting: 

Sam will have the April Tags by Tuesday. 

Sean will finalize CSC code and start attaching to power board. 

Alex will start on coding in the classes for various needs. 

Dakota will have python3.11 installed on the jetson tonight. 
