# November 1st, 2024 

## Overview 

Half the team met at 12pm in Brown 206 with the ME team, and the other half met with Dr. Rizvi on Teams. 

Attendance:  

ECE and ME Team Meeting: Alexander Cruz, Caleb Sullivan, Cooper Nelson, Phoenix Sims, Alejandro Moore, and Nick Moulton 

Advisors meeting: Samuel Hunter, Dakota Moye, Sean Borchers, and Dr. Rizvi 

Minutes by Dakota Moye 

## Minutes 

### Dr. Rizvi meeting: 

Talked about different solutions and problems 

We mentioned the IMU complete product 

Talked about motor subsystem headed by Sean

Talked about overall autonomous operation flowchart

 

### ME/ECE Team Meeting: 

Talking about removing Line Sensor. It could be offloaded to the camera. 

Shared listed resistors. 

Photoresistor used for beam break that counts total astral material. 

Cooper to possibly investigate Kalman Filtering when given the opportunity. 

12 total motors: 

2 for drive train 

2 for grabbing shipping on top (servo) 

2 linear actuators for clamping from the sides 

1 brushed dc for auger 

1 servo for the roller 

2 for beacon placement (servo, maybe) 

2 for sorting system. 1 sorts and the other controls flow (door) 

Cooper proposed a sensor that Dakota will look into 

Pressure sensor and 2 limit switches for each 

Sean will help with the motors quite a bit 

 
### For next meeting:

Dakota will upload decided sensors to the team for both groups 

Dakota will email Keegan about SECON application 

Will talk to Sam to about object detection on Monday 

Alejandro worked on most of the conceptual design. He plans to finish Sunday 

Alex will be working Godot 

Sean will be working on other examples for motor drivers. Look into code and math for PID control. He will also update the block diagram for motors 
